README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

Welcome,

This is the Code Institute student template for Codeanywhere. If you are using Gitpod then you need [this template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template) instead.  We have preinstalled all of the tools you need to get started. It's perfectly ok to use this template as the basis for your project submissions.

You can safely delete this README.md file, or change it for your own project. Please do read it at least once, though! It contains some important information about Codeanywhere and the extensions we use. Some of this information has been updated since the video content was created. The last update to this file was: **August 30th, 2023**

## Codeanywhere Reminders

To run a frontend (HTML, CSS, Javascript only) application in Codeanywhere, in the terminal, type:

`python3 -m http.server`

A button should appear to click: _Open Preview_ or _Open Browser_.

To run a frontend (HTML, CSS, Javascript only) application in Codeanywhere with no-cache, you can use this alias for `python3 -m http.server`.

`http_server`

To run a backend Python file, type `python3 app.py`, if your Python file is named `app.py` of course.

A button should appear to click: _Open Preview_ or _Open Browser_.

In Codeanywhere you have superuser security privileges by default. Therefore you do not need to use the `sudo` (superuser do) command in the bash terminal in any of the lessons.

To log into the Heroku toolbelt CLI:

1. Log in to your Heroku account and go to _Account Settings_ in the menu under your avatar.
2. Scroll down to the _API Key_ and click _Reveal_
3. Copy the key
4. In Codeanywhere, from the terminal, run `heroku_config`
5. Paste in your API key when asked

You can now use the `heroku` CLI program - try running `heroku apps` to confirm it works. This API key is unique and private to you so do not share it. If you accidentally make it public then you can create a new one with _Regenerate API Key_.

---

Happy coding!

Commit message:

Add Introduction in README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="static/images/favicon_io/apple-touch-icon.png" alt="Software Stacks Logo">
</p>
<h1 align="center">Software Stacks</h1>

<h2>Welcome</h2>

Link to live website: [CLICK HERE!](https://software-stacks-442e4344b2ad.herokuapp.com/)

![Am I Responsive Image]()

# Introduction

## Software Stacks

Welcome to [**Software Stacks**](https://software-stacks-442e4344b2ad.herokuapp.com/), a vibrant community and resource hub designed for enthusiasts, professionals, and anyone with a curiosity about the ever-evolving world of software development. At the heart of Software Stacks lies a commitment to demystify complex technologies and trends in software development, e-commerce, and predictive analytics.

### Mission

Our mission is to empower you with knowledge, insight, and the latest trends in technology. We believe in the transformative power of technology and aim to provide a platform where users can share, learn, and grow together in the realms of software development. Whether you're a seasoned developer looking for advanced discussions, a beginner seeking to learn the basics, or a tech enthusiast eager to stay updated with the latest in technology, Software Stacks has something for everyone.

### Features

Software Stacks offers a range of features to engage our community, including:

- **Educational Blog Posts:** Dive deep into comprehensive articles covering advanced front-end development, e-commerce solutions, and predictive analytics. Our posts are tailored to inform, educate, and inspire.
- **Community Interaction:** Engage with posts through comments, likes, and bookmarks. Share your thoughts, ask questions, and interact with other members of the community.
- **Resource Hub:** Access a curated selection of resources, tutorials, and guides. Whether it's learning a new programming language or understanding the nuances of digital marketing in e-commerce, our resource hub has you covered.
- **User Contributions:** Registered users can contribute their own articles, share their expertise, and add to the collective knowledge base of Software Stacks.

### Get Involved

Join Software Stacks today and become part of a community that's shaping the future of technology. Whether you're here to learn, share, or simply explore, we welcome you to our platform. Let's navigate the vast landscape of technology together!

# Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Software Stacks](#software-stacks)
    - [Mission](#mission)
    - [Features](#features)
    - [Get Involved](#get-involved)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
